Added a Note about Large Numbers of Columns (#42)
JuliaData/Arrow.jl: README.md

Returns a `Arrow.Table` object that allows column access via `table.col1`, `table[:col1]`, or `table[1]`.

The Apache Arrow standard is foremost a "columnar" format and saves a variety of metadata with each column (such as column name, type, length, etc.).

> A data set which has tens of thousands of columns will most likely break `Arrow.Table` or cause dramatic file size increases when one saves to a `arrow` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A data set which has tens of thousands of columns is probably not well suited for the arrow format and may cause dramatic file size increases when one saves to a `arrow` file.
```

If it is possible to reshape the data such that there are not as many columns, `Arrow.Table` should not have as many problems. 

> A simple method Julia provides is to simply execute `transpose(data)` to switch the rows and columns of your data if that does not interfere with one's analysis.

Reviewer 2: A small comment: `transpose` is not the best name here. The reason is that `transpose` is recursive in Julia Base. In DataFrames.jl we expose `permutedims` instead.
